Why Purdue?
General:
	Got into MSAA with higher chance of getting Thesis.
	It is ranked higher in Graduate Aerospace Engineering Program.
	Number of indians are less compared to UIUC
	Number of IISTians are more compared to UIUC
Professors:
	Aerospace:
		D. Andarisani -- Intent Inference in ATC
		M.J Corless -- Operator Theory in Control and effect of flexible elements in control
		A.E Franzo -- Operator Theory in Control
		M. Grant -- Optimal Control in Real time Trajectory Optimization
		I. Hwang -- Stochastic Hybrid Systems
		S. Mou -- AI and Control
		D. Sun -- AI and ATC
		D. Spencer -- aero-assist and mission design spacecraft formation Design and Control
		A. Alexeenko -- DSMC
		K.C Howell -- Orbital Mechanics and Trajectory Optimization
		J.M Longuski -- Orbital Mechanics and Trajectory Optimization
		B G Marchand --  Orbital Mechanics and Trajectory Optimization
	Mechanical:
		David Cappelleri -- Multiscale robotics manipulation and assembly
		Xinyan Deng -- Flapping MAVs
		Neera Jain -- Thermal Control
	Electrical and Computer Engineering:
		Jianghai Hu -- Distributed and networked systems and Hybrid Systems control
		C.S. George Lee -- Learning, Humanoid research
		Shreyas Sundaram -- Resilient Control Systems

Labs:
	Aerospace:
		FDC&HSL -- I. Hwang
		AIMS Lab -- S. Mou
		Space Flight Projects Lab -- D. Spencer
	Mechanical:
		Multi-scale Robotics and automation lab -- D. Cappelleri
		Bio-Robotics Lab -- Xinyan Deng
		Jain Research Lab -- Neera Jain
	Electrical and Computer Engineering:
		ART Lab -- C.S George Lee
		Shreyas Sundaram Lab -- Shreyas Sundaram

Why not Purdue?


Why UIUC?
General:
	It is ranked higher in overall categories.
Professors:
	Aerospace:
		Timothy Bertl -- manipulation of elastic objects
		Zachary Putnam -- autonomous aerobreaking
		Melkoir Ornik -- Linear temporal Logic in control and Safety in Control
	Mechanical:
		Naira Navalokyam -- l1 adapative control
		Hei Wong Park -- legged robotics
	Electrical and Computer Engineering:
		M. -A. Belabbas -- Network control, Geometric Control, Data Analytics
		Bin Hu -- Deep Learning, Robust Control and Stochastic Control
		Roy Dong -- Control
		Daniel Liberzon -- Non-linear control and Information Systems
		Maxim Raginsky -- control applications in advanced electronics, autonomy, AI, Quantum Information Science
Labs:
	Aerospace:
		Bertl Research Group
		Zachary R Putnam
		Melkoir Ornik
	Mechanical:
		Hei Wang Park Research Group
		Advanced Controls Laboratory
	Coordinate Science Laboratory -- Interdisciplinary Research in Controls
		Decision and Control Lab

Why not UIUC?
General:
	Got in to MS non-thesis and it might be hard to get in to thesis.
	Less number of IISTians
	More number of Indians
Labs:
	No Aerospace Controls labs. All Aero control professors are working with CSL

